chore: update release-related components (#2899)
logos-co/nomos-node: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/release-candidate.md

- [ ] Commit and push the changes
- [ ] Manually trigger the [ceremony workflow][ceremony-workflow] from the `HEAD` of the release branch specifying the `devnet` image tag and the right version number `X.Y.Z-rc.N`
- [ ] Post the link to the workflow run to this issue for easier review
- [ ] Wait for the workflow run to complete. The workflow will push a new commit on the release branch with the updated devnet deployment settings.
- [ ] Checkout and hard reset the `devnet` branch to point to the latest commit of the current release branch
- [ ] Create a new symlink `compose.static.yml` -> `compose.setup.yml` with `ln -sf compose.setup.yml compose.static.yml`
- [ ] Commit and push to `devnet` branch to trigger the cleanup
- [ ] Wait around 1 minute for the previous deployment to be cleaned. Visit the [Devnet web UI][devnet-web-ui] and make sure it's in setup mode.

## Release candidate preparation

> - [ ] Checkout the release branch, which should contain the bot generated commit updating the deployment settings as its `HEAD`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] Checkout and pull the release branch, it should contain the bot generated commit updating the deployment settings as its `HEAD`
```
